# April 28, 2022 Release

## Objective

The objective of this release is to allow our integrators to submit email receipts and invoices by forwarding them to the user's document email.

This release also includes enhancements to our search, filter and sort options when fetching documents.


## New Features
--------------------

### Email Processing
- Process an email document by forwarding it to your document email address. 
- Use subject line of the email to dictate the document type, either invoice or receipt.
- Associate email document to a specific bank account by adding the account number to the email addresss when forwarding email document `mydocumentemail.account1234@mail.com`.

### Append User Data
- Added userMetadata data structure to append expense type, notes, return date and warranty date to a processed document.


### New Filter, Search and Sort Options 
- New sortBy and orderBy feature allows you to sort by document date or uploaded date.
- New filter by description allows you to search for a document by user-given description.
- New expense type filter allows you to search for "personal" or "business" documents.
- New notes filter allows you to search for a document by user-provided notes.
- New return and warraty date filter allows you to search for a document by user-provided return or warranty date.
- Full text search has been enhanced to search on the following properties of a document: merchant name, total amount, item description, document description.
- New [document image version endpoint](https://docs.getsensibill.com/docs/V2/b3A6NTU2NzYyNjA-get-an-image-version-of-the-document) allows you to fetch a preview image of the procesed document.

> **For more information, please refer to our [Documents API](https://docs.getsensibill.com/docs/V2/ZG9jOjQ2NDA2-introduction)**


